okay
ah Make me cry, man
(***) One good Disney movie
yeah it's called (***) running oh ohhh
That was tearjerker. It's a true story.
From Jamaica
haahaa
It's a sled. (***)
I don't know who cannot, who doesn't cry at the end. It's a comedy.
Basically, by the very end, it's a really good ending.
And plus it's the true story
Yeah, Jamaica team, how did they...
End up doing the bobsleigh. There's no snow or ice.
so haahaa
It's a great movie. You should watch.
(***) running , it's so funny
But at the end, I always cry a bit.
haahaa
Yeah, because he cries first
she cries first Every movie.
haahaa
Even a horror movie.
haahaaa
haahaa
haahaa oo haahaa
(***) That was the best.
No, you should watch.
I was so moved.
haahaa
yeah the director changed the ending
it's a stephen king's novel
No you love it
The Stephen King's is a happy ending.
But everybody saved, got saved. Those families got saved.
but the director changed it
Stephen King liked it better
haahaa yeah
Yeah, without me.
haahaa
No, you should watch!
So, Frank Donovan, that's the director. That's the same director as Walking Dead.
haahaaa
zombie But it's a good series, right?
yeah World Z yeah, bro haahaa
did you watch i am legend 2? it's kind of same
the people become zombies haahaa yeah
haahaa
(***)
the Lord of the Rings
Lots of ghosts at the third film.
haahaa
what
oh haahaa
That's... (***)
haahaa
yeah
mm
Did you finish watching the Power of Rings?
Were you in Laws of Power? How was it?
Is it original or the same Tolkien?